Instead of writing my notes in comments I will make them here in a text file.

These game programs are always a bit more tricky than they look on the surface.
I am going to write out what I have done so far and then create a logic path
for me to continue.

Complete:
  Able to retrieve a random word of proper size from the dictionary. Have created
  a GameState variable called hidden_word that I will store that word in. I am going
  to save all of my variables in game in a GameState object that I can serialize for
  saving and restoring game points later on.

  I built the hangman ascii text. It has 9 different views starting from the initial
  showing the post, then 8 stages from rope to building out the body. I have a variable
  in my GameState called misses which stores an integer starting at 0 and will go up to
  8. This misses variable is sent directly into the show_board method to print the
  proper hangman view.

What I need to do:
  I need to develop a game flow. The added problem I have to think about is the ability
  to load and save with every turn.

  My per turn game flow should go like this.
  Ask if they want to save.
  Show them the current state of the game.
  Show them the hangman ascii
  Show the hidden_word with blank text and words filled in where they were correct "**e**r"
  Show another line of text below or besides the hidden word that shows the letters
  that have been guessed "A, V, R"
  Let them enter a guess
  run logic to update the game. Repeat the loop or let them know win/loss

  I believe this logic loop will allow me to just jump into the game flow on a save
  by ignoring the first line which asks them to save and continue down with the 
  serialized object being able to fit into the rest of the program.

  I am going to build this without the save load feature first, then add after. I just
  wanted to make sure my game flow worked with those features.

Brainstorming: Been a few hours since I wrote the above and I have been thinking
of how to update the hidden word each cycle. Here is the idea I have come up with.
Writing it here and will try to implement it tomorrow.
Have a for_each statement go over the hidden_word. If the current letter is found
in the guesses array then I will have a solution array[] that will send that current
letter to. So if it's true solution_array << current_iteration. If it isn't found in
the guesses[] I will have it send solution_array << * instead. This will always send
the correct number of *'s at the start and should be good to work with when I do the
save and load feature.
Every time the player enters a guess I will validate the entry to see if it is in the
secret word, if it isn't I will increment the misses by 1. If it gets to 8 misses the 
game will be over, else if they solve it first they win and I will have finishing text
for both scenarios.
